[EDU-3853] bind service and node (#649)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/deploy-journey/bind-service/bind-service.mdx

---
title: Bind an edge service to an edge node
description: aaa
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_install_agent
menu_namespace: deployMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/bind-service-node/
---

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro'

> Edge services allows orchestrated services to be managed on your own edge nodes, to do so it's necessary to have an edge service created and to bind it to an edge node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Edge Services** allows orchestrated services to be managed on your own edge nodes. To do so, you must have an edge service created and to bind it to an edge node.
```

<Button href="" text="go to create an edge service" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

> To create a relation between an edge node and an edge service, Azion presents 2 methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a relation between an edge node and an edge service using:
```

- [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/)
- [Azion API](https://api.azion.com/)

--- 

## Via RTM 

> 1. [Access RTM](https://manager.azion.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Access RTM](/en/documentation/products/guides/access-rtm/).
```

2. On the upper-left corner of the page, open the **Products menu**, represented by three horizontal lines, and then select **Edge Nodes**.
3. Select the edge node you want to bind to a service.
4. Go to the **Services** tab.
5. Choose the service.
6. Click the **Save** button.

---

## Via API

1. Run the following `LIST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/) and retrieve the edge node ID you wish to bind to an edge service:

```bash 
curl --location 'https://api.azionapi.net/edge_nodes/' \
--header 'Accept: application/json; version=3' \
--header 'Authorization: Token [TOKEN VALUE]'
```

> 2. 1. Run the following `LIST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/) and retrieve the edge service ID you wish to bind to an edge node:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Run the following `LIST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/) and retrieve the edge service ID you wish to bind to an edge node:
```

```bash 
curl --location 'https://api.azionapi.net/edge_services/' \
--header 'Accept: application/json; version=3' \
--header 'Authorization: Token [TOKEN VALUE]'
```

3. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/), `:id` with the ID of the edge node informing the edge node ID and informing the ID of the service in the request body:

Request body properties: 

| Property | Description | Required | 
| - | - | - | 
| `service_id` | ID of the edge service beind bound to the edge node | Yes |
| `variables` | Variables to be replaced during the processing on the edge node | No (requires checking) |

```bash 
curl --location 'https://api.azionapi.net/edge_nodes/:id/services' \
--header 'Accept: application/json; version=3' \
--header 'Authorization: Token [TOKEN VALUE]' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
  "service_id": 0,
  "variables": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "value": "string"
    }
  ]
}'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

| Property | Description | Required | 
| - | - | - | 
| `service_id` | ID of the edge service beind bound to the edge node | Yes |
| `variables` | Variables to be replaced during the processing on the edge node | No (requires checking) |

```
